net: nrf_provisioning: Add events to device mode callback (#13186)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/nrf_provisioning.rst

The function uses the following arguments:

> *  A pointer to a :c:struct:`nrf_provisioning_mm_change` which holds a callback function to be called when the modem state changes.
> *  A pointer to a :c:struct:`nrf_provisioning_dm_change` which holds a callback function to be called when the provisioning state changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  A pointer to a :c:struct:`nrf_provisioning_mm_change` structure that holds a callback function to be called when the modem state changes.
*  A pointer to a :c:struct:`nrf_provisioning_dm_change` structure that holds a callback function to be called when the provisioning state changes.
```
